Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn.

I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse. 

You don't understand - I coulda had class - I coulda been a contender - I could've been somebody, instead of a bum, which is what I am.

Toto, I've got a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.

Here's looking at you, kid.

Go ahead, make my day.

All right, Mr DeMille, I'm ready for my close-up.

May the Force be with you.

Fasten your seatbelts - It's going to be a bumpy night.

You talking to me?

What we've got here is failure to communicate.

I love the smell of napalm in the morning.

Love means never having to say you're sorry.

The stuff that dreams are made of.

ET - phone home.

They call me Mister Tibbs!

Rosebud.

Made it, Ma! Top of the world!

I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore!

Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.

A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice Chianti.

Bond. James Bond.

There's no place like home.

I am big! It's the pictures that got small.

Show me the money!

Why don't you come up sometime and see me?

I'm walking here! I'm walking here!

Play it, Sam - Play 'As Time Goes By.

You can't handle the truth!

I want to be alone.

After all, tomorrow is another day!

Round up the usual suspects.

I'll have what she's having.

You know how to whistle, don't you, Steve? You just put your lips together and blow.

You're gonna need a bigger boat.

Badges? We ain't got no badges! We don't need no badges! I don't have to show you any stinking badges!

I'll be back.

Today, I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth.

If you build it, he will come.

Mama always said life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get.

We rob banks.”

Plastics.

We'll always have Paris.

I see dead people.

Stella! Hey, Stella!

Oh, Jerry, don't let's ask for the moon - We have the stars.

Shane, Shane, Come back!

Well, nobody's perfect.

It's alive - It's alive!

Houston, we have a problem.

You've got to ask yourself one question: 'Do I feel lucky?' Well, do ya, punk?

You had me at hello.

One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas - How he got in my pajamas, I don't know.

There's no crying in baseball!

La-dee-da, la-dee-da.

A boy's best friend is his mother.

Greed, for lack of a better word, is good.

Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.

As God is my witness, I'll never be hungry again.

Well, here's another nice mess you've gotten me into!

Say “hello” to my little friend!

What a dump.

Mrs Robinson, you're trying to seduce me - Aren't you?

Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the War Room!

Elementary, my dear Watson.

Get your stinking paws off me, you damned dirty ape.

Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, she walks into mine.

Here's Johnny!

They're here!” 

Is it safe?

Wait a minute, wait a minute. You ain't heard nothin' yet!

No wire hangers, ever!

Mother of mercy, is this the end of Rico?

Forget it, Jake, it's Chinatown.

I have always depended on the kindness of strangers.

Hasta la vista, baby.

Soylent Green is people!

Open the pod bay doors, HAL.

Yo, Adrian!

Hello, gorgeous.

Toga! Toga!

Listen to them - Children of the night - What music they make.

Oh, no, it wasn't the airplanes - It was Beauty killed the Beast.

My precious.

Attica! Attica!

Sawyer, you're going out a youngster, but you've got to come back a star!

Listen to me, mister - You're my knight in shining armor - Don't you forget it - You're going to get back on that horse, and I'm going to be right behind you, holding on tight, and away we're gonna go, go, go!

Tell 'em to go out there with all they got and win just one for the Gipper.

A martini - Shaken, not stirred.

Do I look like I give a damn?

Who's on first.

Cinderella story. Outta nowhere. A former greenskeeper, now, about to become the Masters champion. It looks like a mirac...It's in the hole! It's in the hole! It's in the hole!

Life is a banquet, and most poor suckers are starving to death!

I feel the need - the need for speed!

Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary.

Snap out of it!

My mother thanks you. My father thanks you. My sister thanks you. And I thank you.

Nobody puts Baby in a corner.

I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too!

I'm king of the world!

It’s times like this my buddy Timon here says: you got to put your behind in your past.

Oh yes, the past can hurt - But from the way I see it, you can either run from it, or learn from it.

But, Zazu, you told me they are nothing but slobbery, mangy stupid poachers.

Remember who you are.

Being brave doesn’t mean you go looking for trouble.

Everything you see exists together in a delicate balance. As king, you need to understand that balance and respect all the creatures, from the crawling ant to the leaping antelope.

Believe in yourself and there will come a day when others will have no choice but to believe with you.

They may take our lives, but they'll never take our freedom!

Love means never having to say you're sorry.

When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.

If you let my daughter go now, that'll be the end of it. 

I will not look for you, I will not pursue you - But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you.

You complete me.

You make me want to be a better man.

Chewie, we're home.

I'm just one stomach flu away from my goal weight.

They call it a Royale with cheese.

Magic Mirror on the wall, who is the fairest one of all?

Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in.

Wax on, wax off.

I wish I knew how to quit you.

Sometimes I’ll start a sentence and I don’t even know where it’s going - I just hope I find it along the way.

I talk a lot, so I’ve learned to tune myself out.

Would I rather be feared or loved? 

I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.

I’m not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.

If I don’t have some cake soon, I might die.

The worst thing about prison was the dementors.

No, Rose, they are not breathing. And they have no arms or legs … Where are they? You know what? If we come across somebody with no arms or legs, do we bother resuscitating them? I mean, what quality of life do we have there?

Identity theft is not a joke, Jim - Millions of families suffer every year.

Today, smoking is going to save lives.

I am running away from my responsibilities - And it feels good.

I just want to lie on the beach and eat hot dogs - That’s all I’ve ever wanted.

Sometimes the clothes at Gap Kids are too flashy, so I’m forced to go to the American Girl store and order clothes for large colonial dolls.

If I were buying my coffin, I would get one with thicker walls so you couldn’t hear the other dead people.